Added Mundi and Censor (#436)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

### PDF Tools

> - [Censor](https://flathub.org/en/apps/page.codeberg.censor.Censor) - PDF document redaction tool. It permanently removes text and images in redacted areas `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Censor](https://flathub.org/en/apps/page.codeberg.censor.Censor) - PDF document redaction tool that permanently removes text and images in redacted areas `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Mecalin](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.nacho.mecalin) - Typing tutor application that helps to learn and improve touch typing skills featuring lessons `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Memorize](https://github.com/david-swift/Memorize) - Application to create flashcard sets and quizlets to study and learn `#swift` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Memorado](https://flathub.org/en/apps/im.bernard.Memorado) - Application to create deck of flashcards `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Mundi](https://github.com/nacho/mundi) - Geography learning application that helps users test their knowledge of world regions through interactive map exercises `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mundi](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.nacho.mundi) - Geography learning application that helps users test their knowledge of world regions through interactive map exercises `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
